## Persona 1: Junior software developer 
Olivia recently graduated from a university with a computer science degree. She is comfortable with Java and Python (as most of her classes were taught in one of those languages), SQL databases (she took a few courses), and algorithms (she still remembers most of the basic ones on searching and sorting). She has never worked on a real-world project, however, and she often feels overwhelmed when asked to make changes in large existing codebases.  She is currently working on a project that involves breaking up a large monolith API into microservices deployed to Kubernetes. This has her even more overwhelmed, because she has no experience with Kubernetes and only has vague experience with containers (some of her instructors have provided her with a "Docker environment" and instructions on how to set it up, but it was pretty much a black box for her). 

Because the team consists of other developers who are well-versed in the codebase, she has been tasked with deploying the microservices to Kubernetes. She needs to get up to speed on Kubernetes ASAP so she can start adding value to her team. She cares mostly about deploying things to Kubernetes and troubleshooting deployment failures. 

## Persona 2: Senior software developer with domain expertise 
Liam has been working at the company and on the application for over ten years. He knows all there is to know about the API and is usually the person pulled in when the API stops working. The application's current deployment process is managed by a dedicated infrastructure team (with whom Liam has excellent contacts). Recently, the company has been moving towards modern DevOps processes, however, and more and more of the infrastructure management has been falling onto development teams. Liam and his architect have been working together on how to break up the monolith API into microservices that can be containerized and deployed to Kubernetes. He has never worked on Docker or Kubernetes before. He feels antsy about having to troubleshoot the microservices in this new environment. He feels that just breaking up the monolith into microservices is adding a lot of complexity into the product, but now he also has to deal with Docker and Kubernetnes! If the users are complaining about the API being down, how to figure out whether that's because there is a bug in the code or the way in which the code got packaged up or the way in which it got deployed or maybe Kubernetes itself is down? He is less concerned about deployments (seems to him that once the deployment process is set up, subsequent deployments are straightforward) and more concerned about troubleshootability of his app. 

## Persona 3: Software developer who knows about containers
José is new to the team but not to the company. He isn't as comfortable with the codebase as Liam, but he has been working closely with the app (as a consumer) for the last few years, so he isn't as overwhelmed with it as Olivia. He was moved to this team because of his experience with Docker and containerization. He has played around with Kubernetes before but never used it in a real-world project before. Since he has the most experience in this area, his manager expects him to help and mentor the rest of the team. He feels like he kind of understands the concepts but isn't fluent with the procedures: he knows where to look and what to look for, but he's having to do it constantly, and this is having a huge impact on his productivity. He wants to get better and faster at the things he's having to do constantly so he can focus on learning the more advanced topics needed to make this project (and his team) successful. 
